Typos docs (#1212)
temporalio/documentation: docs/learning-paths/background-checks/application-requirements.md

## What is the step-by-step flow?

> Now we can envision the the high-level step-by-step flow expected from the application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now we can envision the the high-level step-by-step flow that we expect from the application.
```
We can drop "could", but if an actor can be identified, we strongly prefer active voice over passive voice.
